Add chapter on using HLSL with Vulkan (#144)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Guide: chapters/hlsl.adoc

// Copyright 2021 The Khronos Group, Inc.
// Copyright 2021 Sascha Willems
// SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0

ifndef::chapters[:chapters:]

[[hlsl-in-vulkan]]

> = HLSL in Vulkan

Reviewer: would point a link here in the "what is SPIR-V" chapter!

Author: I added a link to the first occurrence of HLSL, but it doesn't seem to work.

Code looks like this:

```
xref:{chapters}hlsl.adoc[HLSL]
```

But clicking on it results in an URl ending with `chapters/%7Bchapters%7Dhlsl.adoc` that doesn't work. Any idea? Is the link format wrong? That same format works fine in my new chapter.

Reviewer: awww, the spir-v chapter is missing

```
ifndef::chapters[:chapters:]
```
let me add this for any other missing chapters to

So just leave (or rebase if you want) because when the merge happens from this PR it will all just work

> Vulkan does not directly consume shaders in a human-readable text format, but instead uses link:./what_is_spirv.adoc[SPIR-V] as an intermediate representation. This opens the option to use shader languages other than e.g. GLSL, as long as they can target the Vulkan SPIR-V environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vulkan does not directly consume shaders in a human-readable text format, but instead uses xref:{chapters}what_is_spirv.adoc[SPIR-V] as an intermediate representation. This opens the option to use shader languages other than e.g. GLSL, as long as they can target the Vulkan SPIR-V environment.
```

Reviewer: same for the other references to other chapters

Author: Updated this and the other link to internal files and replaced them with xref as suggested.

One such language is the High Level Shading Language (HLSL) by Microsoft, used by DirectX. Thanks to link:https://www.khronos.org/blog/hlsl-first-class-vulkan-shading-language[recent additions to Vulkan 1.2] it is now considered a first class shading language for Vulkan that can be used just as easily as GLSL.

With link:https://github.com/microsoft/DirectXShaderCompiler/blob/master/docs/SPIR-V.rst#unsupported-hlsl-features[a few exceptions], all Vulkan features and shader stages available with GLSL can be used with HLSL too, including recent Vulkan additions like hardware accelerated ray tracing. On the other hand, HLSL to SPIR-V supports Vulkan exclusive features that are not (yet) available in DirectX.

image::images/what_is_spirv_dxc.png[what_is_spriv_dxc.png]

[[applications-pov]]

> = From the application's point-of-view

Reviewer: nit: each chapter should only have one `H1` header so just add an extra `=` to the rest of the headers in this chapter
